=pod


=head1 USING THE IDE HARD DISK INTERFACE ON THE XST-3.0 BOARD

This is a simple design example that writes data to sectors 
on an IDE hard disk and then reads it back to verify it.


=head1 DESIGN FILES

=over 4

=item * F<common.vhd>

This file contains some definitions and functions used in the rest of the VHDL code.

=item * F<atacntl.vhd>

This is the VHDL file that describes an ATAPI interface to an IDE hard disk.
You can get a more detailed description of the interface at http://xess.com/appnotes/an-041404-atacntl.pdf .

=item * F<memtest.vhd>, F<randgen.vhd>

These VHDL files describe a memory tester module that writes a stream of data from a random-number generator (RNG) to a storage
device and then reads the data back and compares it to the RNG output to verify it was stored correctly.

=item * F<debounce.vhd>

This VHDL file describes a simple switch debouncer.

=item * F<ide.vhd>

This is the VHDL file that combines the IDE interface and memory tester module to create a design that tests
writes and reads of hard disk sectors.

=item * F<ide.ucf>

These are the constraints which assign the I/O signals of IDE interface to the
appropriate pins of the FPGA on the XSA-3S1000 + XST-3.0 combination.

=item * F<ide.bit>

This is a compiled bitstream for the design that can be downloaded into the XSA-3S1000 + XST-3.0 combination.

=item * F<ide-200.ucf>

This is an alternate set of pin assignments to be used if the design is recompiled for
an XSA-200 + XST-3.0 combination.

=item * F<ide.npl>

Open this project file with WebPACK if you need to recompile the design.

=back


=head1 USING THE DESIGN EXAMPLE

=over 4

=item * Step 1:

Attach an ATX power supply to the XST-3.0 Board and an IDE hard disk.

=item * Step 2:

Attach an IDE cable from header IDE1 on the XST-3.0 Board to the IDE hard disk.

=item * Step 3:

Set jumper J9 on the XSA-3S1000 Board to XS.

=item * Step 4:

Download the default parallel port interface into the XSA-3S1000 (F<\XSTOOLS\XSA\3S1000\dwnldpar.svf>)
if it is not already present.  (Running GXSTEST will do this automatically.)

=item * Step 5:

Download the F<ide.bit> file to the XSA Board.

=item * Step 6:

After a 20-second delay, the application will write and read sectors on the hard disk and report
the success or failure of the operation by displaying an "O" or an "E" on LED2, respectively.
Press switch SW2 on the XSA Board to re-run the test.

=back


=head1 ENVIRONMENT

This example design was developed using the following version of software:

   Xilinx WebPACK       : 6.3.03i


=head1 SOURCE FILES

You can download the source files for this example design from the XESS website at
http://www.xess.com/projects/xst3_IDE.zip .


=head1 AUTHOR

Dave Vanden Bout, X Engineering Software Systems Corp.

Send bug reports to bugs@xess.com.


=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright 2006 by X Engineering Software Systems Corporation.

This application can be freely distributed and modified
as long as you do not remove the attributions to the author or his employer.


=head1 HISTORY

05/30/2006 - Release 1.0.1:

=over 4

=item *

Added multisector R/W.

=item *

Added PIO Mode 2 timing parameters.

=item *

Added enhanced ATA status outputs.

=item *

Added outputs to inactivate the XSA Flash and IDE disk DMA acknowledge.

=item *

Added a switch input that re-runs the sector R/W test.

=back 4

01/30/2006 - Initial release.



=cut
