=pod

=head1 XSA BOARD DESIGN FILES

These are the design files for various XSA Board test applications.

You can find application notes on some of these applications at
http://www.xess.com/ho03000.html.


=head1 APPLICATION DIRECTORIES

The test applications for each XSA Board model are stored in a separate directory.
Each directory has subdirectories, each containing a particular test application.
The VHDL source files and pin assignments for each application are provided along with
a WebPACK project description file so you can rebuild each application yourself.

The function of the application in each subdirectory is listed below. 

=over

=item dwnldpar:

This is the parallel port interface for the CPLD on the XSA Board. 

=item dwnldpa2:

This is the parallel port interface for the CPLD on the XSA-50 or XSA-100 Board when it is inserted into
an XStend Board. 

=item xessjtag

This is the CPLD interface that bridges the FPGA's JTAG pins to the XSUSB module that communicates
with the PC via USB.

=item p3jtag:

This is the Xilinx Parallel Cable III interface for the CPLD that lets you use iMPACT to download
bitstreams to the XSA Board.

=item p4jtag:

This is the Xilinx Parallel Cable IV interface for the CPLD that lets you use iMPACT
and a Parallel Cable IV to download bitstreams to the XSA-3S1000 Board.

=item erase:

Just a small SVF file that will erase the CPLD.

=item fcnfg:

This allows the CPLD to configure the FPGA with a bitstream stored in the Flash.

=item fintf:

This programs the CPLD or FPGA to create a parallel port-to-Flash upload/download interface. 

=item fintf_jtag:

This programs the CPLD or FPGA to create a USB-to-JTAG-to-Flash upload/download interface. 

=item ramintfc:

This programs the FPGA to create a parallel port-to-SDRAM upload/download interface. 

=item ramintfc_jtag:

This programs the FPGA to create a USB-to-JTAG-to-SDRAM upload/download interface. 

=item test_board:

This programs the FPGA to perform a read/write test of the SDRAM through the parallel port.

=item test_board_jtag:

This programs the FPGA to perform a read/write test of the SDRAM through the USB-to-JTAG ports.

=item test_codec:

This programs the FPGA to perform a loopback test of the codec on the XStend Board.

=item test_dualport:

This programs the FPGA to test memory using two independent modules that simultaneously access the SDRAM
through a dual-port interface.

=item test_kbd:

This programs the FPGA to perform a test where keypresses of the digit keys on a PS/2
keyboard are displayed on the seven-segment LED. 

=item test_switches:

This programs the FPGA to perform an uninteresting test where the DIP switch and pushbutton states
affect the illumination of the seven-segment LED. 

=item test_timer:

This programs the FPGA to perform an uninteresting test where the top segment
of the seven-segment LED pulses at approximately a 1 Hz rate. 

=item test_vga:

This programs the FPGA to with a VGA generator that will display an image stored in the SDRAM
on a VGA monitor. 

=back


=head1 AUTHOR

Dave Vanden Bout, X Engineering Software Systems Corp.

Send bug reports to bugs@xess.com.


=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright 2004 by X Engineering Software Systems Corporation.

These applications can be freely distributed and modified
as long as you do not remove the attributions to the author or his employer.


=head1 HISTORY

06/17/07 - Added xessjtag, fntf_jtag, ramintfc_jtag and test_board_jtag applications.

11/18/04 - Initial release.


=cut
