=pod


=head1 USING THE STEREO AUDIO CODEC ON THE XST-3.0 BOARD

This is a simple design example that digitizes a stereo audio input and then converts
it back into an audio output (i.e., a simple audio loopback).


=head1 DESIGN FILES

=over 4

=item * F<common.vhd>

This file contains some definitions and functions used in the rest of the VHDL code.

=item * F<audio.vhd>

This is the VHDL file that describes an interface to the stereo audio codec and then uses this
interface to digitize a stereo input waveform and then convert it back into an analog output.
You can get a more detailed description of the codec interface at http://www.xess.com/appnotes/an-032904-codec.pdf .

=item * F<audio.ucf>

These are the constraints which assign the I/O signals of the stereo codec interface to the
appropriate pins of the FPGA on the XSA-3S1000 + XST-3.0 combination.

=item * F<audio.bit>

This is a compiled bitstream for the design that can be downloaded into the XSA-3S1000 + XST-3.0 combination.

=item * F<audio-200.ucf>

This is an alternate set of pin assignments to be used if the design is recompiled for
an XSA-200 + XST-3.0 combination.

=item * F<audio.npl>

Open this project file with WebPACK if you need to recompile the design.

=back


=head1 USING THE DESIGN EXAMPLE

=over 4

=item * Step 1:

Set jumper J9 on the XSA-3S1000 Board to XS.

=item * Step 2:

Download the default parallel port interface into the XSA-3S1000 (F<\XSTOOLS\XSA\3S1000\dwnldpar.svf>)
if it is not already present.  (Running GXSTEST will do this automatically.)

=item * Step 3:

Connect a stereo cable from the line-out of a PC audio card to the J1 (IN) jack of the XST-3.0 Board.
Connect stereo headphones to the J2 (OUT) jack.
On the XST-3.0 Board near the audio jacks, make sure the shunts are removed from jumpers JP2 and JP3 and
placed on jumpers JP4 and JP5.  

=item * Step 4:

Download the F<audio.bit> file to the XSA Board.

=item * Step 5:

Use Windows Media Player to play a .wav file from the \WINDOWS\Media folder.  The sound should be output
through the headphones.
Hold down pushbutton PB1 on the XST-3.0 Board to keep the circuit in the FPGA in its reset state.
No sound should come from the headphones while the circuit is in the reset state.

=back


=head1 ENVIRONMENT

This example design was developed using the following version of software:

   Xilinx WebPACK       : 6.3.03i


=head1 SOURCE FILES

You can download the source files for this example design from the XESS website at
http://www.xess.com/projects/xst3_audio.zip .


=head1 AUTHOR

Dave Vanden Bout, X Engineering Software Systems Corp.

Send bug reports to bugs@xess.com.


=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright 2006 by X Engineering Software Systems Corporation.

This application can be freely distributed and modified
as long as you do not remove the attributions to the author or his employer.


=head1 HISTORY

01/29/2006 - Initial release.



=cut
