=pod

=head1 VGA GENERATOR TEST APPLICATION

These are the design files for a test application of the VGA generator that
combines it with an SDRAM controller to display an image stored in SDRAM.

You can find an application note on the VGA generator at
http://www.xess.com/appnotes/an-101204-vgagen.pdf.


=head1 SOURCE FILES

=over

=item XSA_LIB/vga.vhd:

This file describes the VGA generator circuit. 

=item XSA_LIB/sdramcntl.vhd:

This file describes the core state machine of the SDRAM controller.

=item XSA_LIB/xsasdramcntl.vhd:

This file creates a wrapper around the SDRAM controller core to customize it for
the XSA Board.

=item XSA_LIB/common.vhd:

Some functions and definitions useful in many applications are provided in this file.

=item [50,100,200,3S1000]/test_vga/test_vga.vhd:

This is the top-level file that combines the SDRAM controller and the VGA generator 
to create the complete test application for the XSA-50, XSA-100, XSA-200
or XSA-3S1000 Board. 

=item [50,100,200,3S1000]/test_vga/test_vga.ucf:

These are the pin assignments for mapping the VGA generator test application to 
the XSA-50, XSA-100, XSA-200 or XSA-3S1000 Board.

=item [50,100,200,3S1000]/test_vga/test_vga.npl:

This project file tells WebPACK how to combine the source files to create the 
VGA generator test application for the XSA-50, XSA-100, XSA-200 or XSA-3S1000 Board.

=item [50,100,200,3S1000]/test_vga/test_vga.bit:

This is a configuration bitstream that has already been generated for the XSA-50,
XSA-100, XSA-200 or XSA-3S1000 Board based on the files listed above.

=item image.xes:

This is an image file that can be loaded into the SDRAM on the XSA Board which
will then be displayed on a monitor by the VGA generator test application.

=item XSA_LIB/vga-timing.xls:

This is a simple spreadsheet that calculates the durations of the various portions of 
the horizontal and vertical sync signals given the height and width of the display and 
the pixel clock frequency.

=back


=head1 COMPILING AND RUNNING THE VGA GENERATOR TEST APPLICATION

=over

=item 1.

Open the project file for the VGA generator test application by double-clicking the
test_vga.npl file for your particular model of XSA Board.  All the compilation options
can be set through the Project Navigator interface of WebPACK, and the generic
parameters that affect the operation of the VGA generator can be set in the
test_vga.vhd file.  (The options for compiling a working application are already set 
in the files provided.)  Then double-click the "Generate Programming File" icon in the 
Process pane and the bitstream will be generated.   

=item 2.

The VGA generator test application needs a specific clock frequency to operate correctly.
For the XSA-50 and XSA-100 Boards, use GXSSETCLK to set the clock divisor to 2 so that a
50 MHz clock is available.  Nothing needs to be done for the XSA-200 or XSA-3S1000 Boards
since they have a fixed frequency 100 MHz oscillator.

=item 3.

Open the GXSLOAD downloading tool.  Drag-and-drop the test_vga.bit bitstream file generated
in step #1 into the FPGA pane of the GXSLOAD window.  Drag-and-drop the image.xes file into
the RAM pane.  Then click on the Load button to download these files to the FPGA and SDRAM 
on the XSA Board.

=item 4.

Connect a monitor to the VGA port of the XSA Board.
An image will appear on the monitor screen.

=back


=head1 SEE ALSO

Use the B<img2xes.pl> Perl script to convert your own graphic files into a format that works
with the VGA generator circuit.
The most-current version of B<img2xes.pl> can be found at http://wwww.xess.com/ho07000.html.


=head1 AUTHOR

Dave Vanden Bout, X Engineering Software Systems Corp.

Send bug reports to bugs@xess.com.


=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright 2004 by X Engineering Software Systems Corporation.

This library is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify
it as long as you do not remove the attributions to the author or his employer.


=head1 HISTORY

10/12/04 - Version 1.0


=cut
