=pod


=head1 USING SWITCHES AND LEDS ON THE XST-3.0 BOARD

This is a simple design example that takes two four-bit numbers entered through the DIP switch of the XST-3.0 Board
and displays their sum or difference on the LED digits.


=head1 DESIGN FILES

=over 4

=item * F<switches_leds.vhd>

This is the VHDL file that describes the circuitry which accepts two four-bit numbers, adds or subtracts them and
then displays the result on the LED digits.

=item * F<switches_leds.ucf>

These are the constraints which assign the I/O signals of the switches_leds module to the
appropriate pins of the FPGA on the XSA-3S1000 + XST-3.0 combination.

=item * F<switches_leds.bit>

This is a compiled bitstream for the design that can be downloaded into the XSA-3S1000 + XST-3.0 combination.

=item * F<switches_leds-200.ucf>

This is an alternate set of pin assignments to be used if the design is recompiled for
an XSA-200 + XST-3.0 combination.

=item * F<switches_leds.npl>

Open this project file with WebPACK if you need to recompile the design.

=back


=head1 USING THE DESIGN EXAMPLE

=over 4

=item * Step 1:

Set jumper J9 on the XSA-3S1000 Board to XS.

=item * Step 2:

Download the default parallel port interface into the XSA-3S1000 (F<\XSTOOLS\XSA\3S1000\dwnldpar.svf>)
if it is not already present.  (Running GXSTEST will do this automatically.)

=item * Step 3:

Download the F<switches_leds.bit> file to the XSA Board.

=item * Step 4:

Set the DIP switches to enter two four-bit numbers, (A3,A2,A1,A0) and (B3,B2,B1,B0), as follows:

                   DIPSW
    1    2    3    4    5    6    7    8
    |    |    |    |    |    |    |    |
   A3   A2   A1   A0   B3   B2   B1   B0

    DIPSW1: A3 (most-significant bit of A)
    DIPSW2: A2
    DIPSW3: A1
    DIPSW4: A0 (least-significant bit of A)
    DIPSW5: B3 (most-significant bit of B)
    DIPSW6: B2
    DIPSW7: B1
    DIPSW8: B0 (least-significant bit of B)

=item * Step 5:

The sum of A and B will be displayed on LED1 and LED2.

=item * Step 6:

Press pushbutton PB1 and the difference (A-B) will be displayed on LED1 and LED2.

=back


=head1 ENVIRONMENT

This example design was developed using the following version of software:

   Xilinx WebPACK       : 6.3.03i


=head1 SOURCE FILES

You can download the source files for this example design from the XESS website at
http://www.xess.com/projects/xst3_switches_leds.zip .


=head1 AUTHOR

Dave Vanden Bout, X Engineering Software Systems Corp.

Send bug reports to bugs@xess.com.


=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright 2006 by X Engineering Software Systems Corporation.

This application can be freely distributed and modified
as long as you do not remove the attributions to the author or his employer.


=head1 HISTORY

01/28/2006 - Initial release.



=cut
